# Documentation for the teacher to use the web application:

1. "Assigning" section:

Fill in the following fields:

- **Title:** Enter an assignment name for the student. \*This field is mandatory
- **Description:** Provide a detailed description of the assigned task for the student. \*This field is mandatory
- **Exercise set:** Select the appropriate set from which the student should generate 1 example. You can select more than one at a time. \*This field is mandatory
- **Total points** : Specify the maximum possible number of points that the student can get for the generated tasks. \*This field is mandatory
- **Start date** : Set the date when the student is allowed to generate examples to solve.
- **End date:** Set the date when the assigned sets will be closed for students and they will no longer be able to submit their solutions. If the given field is not filled in, the specified sets will be open indefinitely.
- **Students:** Select the students to be assigned to work on the assigned sets. \*This field is mandatory
- **Assign button** : Checks the validity of filled fields. If they are not validly filled in, an error message will be displayed if the data is incorrectly filled out. If they are filled in correctly, it assigns the selected sets to the selected students.

1. "Home" section:

In this section you will find an overview of all students:

- **Student ID:** Unique student identification number.
- **Last Name:** Surname of the student.
- **First name:** First name of the student.
- **Generated assignments count:** Total number of examples generated by the student.
- **Submitted assignments count:** The total number of examples submitted by the student.
- **Total Points Earned:** The number of points the student earned from all submitted examples.
- Clicking on a specific student will display the third section.

1. Section for a specific student:

In this section you will see the details of the generated and submitted student assignments:

- **Generated Tasks:** List of tasks generated by the student.
- **Submitted Assignments:** List of assignments submitted by the student.
- **Correct result:** The correct solution to the given task.
- **Submitted result:** The solution submitted by the student.
- **Points Earned:** The number of points a student has earned for a particular task.

1. " Upload " section

In this section, the teacher has the opportunity to upload sets for elaboration.

- **Drag n drop:** A file can be dragged onto the page and uploaded

**Selecting a file:** You can choose which file the teacher will upload via the path on the computer